jaracz here with five tips to approve
your cities skylines playing experience
there are three types of industries owns
two of them being yellow and the third
being offices I'll focus on offices
later the first type of yellow industry
is raw material harvesters these
industries use the natural resources
that are provided on the map which are
oil or forestry and farming the second
type of yellow industry is manufacturing
taking the raw materials and turning
them into products for delivery to sale
more on that later too a simple example
is to think of building a chair first
you harvest the raw logs from your
forest industry turning those logs into
wood planks then you take those wood
flanks to your manufacturing industries
and turn them into chairs or other
furniture if you don't have raw material
industries that's okay your regular
manufacturing industries will import the
raw materials instead but this will
cause a bit more traffic more on
importing and exporting later keep in
mind that oil and/or resources are not
Infinite and will eventually deplete
you'll need to redistrict those
industries when that happens your
residents don't like to live near your
industry zones but keep in mind they
need an easy way to get to their jobs
roads are the foundation to your city so
plan carefully but realize adjustments
will always almost be necessary if you
are trying to make use of every square
you possibly can make a note that if you
upgrade your small roads to medium or
large roads an extra row will be added
when upgrading think of using roads and
different tiers highways and one way
large roads are great for controlling
the flow of high areas of traffic one
way large roads are especially good and
placed in a tea format put services like
fire police and schools on medium or
large two-way roads put your residential
commercial and offices on low or medium
roads put your industries mostly on
large roads especially if they are doing
a lot of importing and exporting don't
be afraid of traffic lights or
intersections as long as they are
properly spread out you shouldn't have
too much of an issue this is especially
important in your high-traffic industry
areas separate your residential
commercial and offices away from your
high-traffic industry areas and provide
your industry areas with their own on
and off access to highways citizens need
to be able to easily and quickly get to
work
separating your industry areas is ok but
make sure your citizens can quickly
travel to work a dedicated highway
subway or train access is a great option
citizens will always take the shortest
route they will disregard traffic
congestion zhh when deciding which route
to take touching back to tip 1 once your
industry has manufactured a product such
as a chair or other furniture they need
to deliver it to your commercial zones
to sell deliveries from your industry
zones are made by delivering vans so
don't worry about banning every traffic
in your residential and commercial
districts those vans will still deliver
their goods if you do need to ban heavy
traffic which really just means banning
the big colorful industry trucks select
your district and click ban heavy
traffic
this option is unlocked once your
population reaches 4,600 again touching
back to tip 1 if you don't have the
required
raw resource industry zones your regular
manufacturing industry zones will import
the raw resources this is ok but
importing causes more of the big
colorful trucks coming from the
way the same applies with exporting if
you have lots of raw resources and not
enough regular manufacturing industry
those Goods will be exported out of town
offices is the third type of industry
placing offices will lower the demand
for your citizens need for industry
zones or jobs it is important to note
that offices produce no goods like your
other yellow industry zones and they
mostly exist to provide jobs for your
highly educated workers high-density
commercial zones produce a lot of noise
offices are a great buffer to place
between your high-density commercial
zones and residential zones yellow
industry zones need to level up and
become high-tech to offer more high
education jobs make sure your yellow
industry zones are happy by placing
parks and services near them so they
level up a high educated worker would
rather have a high education job than a
low education job so if you start
building lots of offices and don't level
up your yellow industry zones your high
educated workers will leave those yellow
industry zones to work in the offices to
offer the high education jobs keep in
mind that a high educated citizen can
still work a low educated job but a low
educated citizen cannot work in a high
educated job the more educated your
citizens are the less garbage they
produce point is it is always in your
best interests to educate all of your
citizens and level up both your offices
and yellow industry zones so you're
educated citizens have jobs the cargo
station does both importing and
exporting of goods so this will help
reduce incoming and outgoing traffic on
your highways however this will generate
a lot of heavy colorful truck traffic
wherever you place the cargo station I
strongly recommend placing the cargo
station on an out-of-the-way large
one-way road to help traffic flow
harbors also import and export and it is
also recommended to place it on a large
one-way road to control traffic your
citizens will use your trains subways
and buses so make the most of them keep
your routes simple and efficient use
trains to connect your districts use
subways to connect large areas together
and use bus stops to gather people in
smaller areas think of trains like your
highways subways like your large one-way
roads and bus routes like medium and low
roads limit each bus stop to two
different routes and don't forget that
your citizens love to walk and will
happily walk to your transits if they're
within a reasonable walking distance I
hope these tips improve your cities
skylines gaming experience thanks a lot
for watching